Am I talking to myself here?
Are we making a soup or trying to summon a demon?
Aye, give me that bun.
Chimichanga... chimi chuck it in the bin.
Congratulations... on the worst dish in this competition.
Don't just stand there like a big fucking muffin!
Don't take it personally. Just take it seriously.
Eh! All of you! come here!! taste it! taste it, taste it, taste it!!!
Even if you’re blind you can smell they’re fucking burnt!
For what we are about to eat, may the Lord make us truly not vomit.
Forecast for tomorrow? 100 percent chance of tears.
Get a grip!
Get that Pâté cooked right now!
Get your shit together!
He can’t count to fucking two!
Hey, fuck you!
Hey, panini head, are you listening to me?
How about a thank you, you miserable wee bitch.
I was wondering what the fuck you were doing.
I will not let anything substandard leave my kitchen!
I wish you’d jump in the oven! That would make my life easier.
I wouldn’t trust you running a bath, let alone a restaurant.
I’ve never, ever, ever, ever, ever met someone I believe in... as little as you.
If you saute scallops in a non-stick pan, they won’t stick. That’s why it’s fucking called "non-stick"!
It looks like a chewed up bit of chicken from the dog.
It's fucking RAAAW!
It’s hot in here. Or is it just me?
It’s still moving it’s that raw!
Like a bison’s penis. What is that shit?
More sauce!
Move your ass!
My gran could do better! And she’s dead!
Piss off!
Raw chicken again! It's fucking redder than your beard!
Raw, again?
Stop, who dressed that?
Thanks for shafting me on the mashed potatoes... and thanks for being a twat on the appetizers...
That's common sense Joe! And your tiny mind is not common!
That’s called a bitch move!
The beef is so undercooked it's starting to eat the salad!
The chicken is so uncooked that a skilled vet could still save him!
The crabs are so undercooked you can give them back to your girlfriend.
There! Just touch it!
There's no bigger pain anywhere in the world than a vegetarian.
There’s enough garlic in here to kill every vampire in Europe.
This crab is so undercooked I can still hear it singing "Under the Sea."
This fish is so raw it’s still finding Nemo.
This lamb is so undercooked, it’s following Mary to school!
This looks like eggs vomit.
This pizza is so disgusting, if you take it to Italy you’ll get arrested.
This roll is so horrible Nicolas Cage wouldn’t even accept it.
This soufflé has sunk so badly James Cameron wants to make a film about it.
This weiner is so raw the doctors are still trying to circumcise it.
Wake up!
Watch those temperatures, please!
We’ve gone from a fucking burger to steak tartar!
What are you? An idiot sandwich?
What do you want? A fucking medal?
What the fuck are you doing?
Where’s the lamb sauuuuce?!
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because you didn’t fucking cook it!
You added so much salt and pepper I can hear the dish singing "Push It."
You burnt your buns!
You deserve a kick in the nuts!
You do seriously surprise me... you surprise me how shit you are.
You fucking donkey!
You guys cook like old people.
You literally took a shit in a blender and blended it.
You put so much ginger in this, it’s a Weasley.
You surprise me, how shit you are.
You used so much oil the US is trying to invade the plate!
You useless yankee danky doodle shite.
You’re a fucking disgrace.
You’re getting your knickers in a twist! Calm down!
You’re out of control, you’re way out of control.
You’ve got to stop, rethink, and get a grip.
You’ve now just confirmed in my mind you’re not trustworthy. So fuck you.
Your meals are fit for a god, because they're all burnt offerings.
